OK.
So the last little bit of syntax we'll learn and this section has to do with deleting tables.
We've seen how to create tables we've seen how to describers show their columns.
We haven't seen how to put anything in those tables yet.
That's coming up next in the next section.
But the last thing we'll do is see how we delete them.
So think to yourself for a moment.
What's your guess about how you delete a table.
My hint is that it's pretty similar to how we've seen how to delete something else before.
In my school.
OK.
So think about that and I'll just wait here for a second I guess.
Did you make coffee right.
So the magic is drop table and then the table name.
So rather than drop database we're going to say drop table and then cats.
In our case.
So just to prove to you that that works.
Let's give it a shot.
Back in cloud nine.
I will type drop table.
And this is permanent.
It's going to disappear.
It tells us queery OK.
To make sure that it's actually gone.
We could use a couple of different things.
It's up to you.
We can do show tables.
And it tells us empty set.
There are no tables here.
Whereas before when we did that we got data and if we tried to describe cats now we get an error because
cats no longer exists so it can't even show us the columns because it doesn't exist.
So that's all there is to dropping or deleting a table.
Very similar to dropping a database.